Hey, good morning family, how are y'all doing today?
Well, I have some things on my heart that the Lord has shown me, and I'm excited about this.
He started talking to me about the outpouring of His Spirit again—a major change coming, a major—I'm going to say it's like the tipping of the waterfall again.
And the things that the Lord is talking to me about, I saw a door, a massive door, and it was a white door, a beautiful painted white door, but on this door there was purple, there were swirls of different—like the glory of what I want to call the Shekinah Glory.
It looked like mist, and it was covering this door, but it was beautiful.
The colors, the pinks and stuff, the clouds are in front of it and behind.
In the door frame behind the door was like a dimension.
Okay, and in that dimension behind it was the glory, and I could see the light coming through the cracks of the door.
It was shining through that door on the cracks, and I could see like it was just trying to bust through—the glory of God was trying to bust through this door.
And behind it was the same, which was amazing.
I don't know how else to describe this.
Behind it was the same dimension as the front side, but it was like a door that was standing all alone, but it was a door that you could open up to it.
And I had to say it like this, but this is a way I can try—I'm trying to paint a picture for y'all like The Lion, the Witch and the Wardrobe, how there was a closet and they walked through the closet and they could go through the other dimension into Narnia.
So that's kind of like what I saw.
It was a door that was like a passage, but on the other side of it, without opening the door, He was walking through the dimension.
It was still in the same dimension because on this side I could see the pink and all the beautiful stuff again.
But the Lord said to me, 'Everything is about to change, for in this space of time you've hit this where we are.
' Help me, Holy Spirit.
He said, 'This dispensation of time is coming to an end.
' That's what He was saying to me and where we are in it.
And I saw Adam's lease coming up again.
It was up, and we were going into another space of time.
And He said to me, during Rosh Hashanah this week—this week is an amazing week because this is the beginning on the second, which is in two days, the beginning of Rosh Hashanah, which goes into the third and I believe the fourth, at whenever the new moon and all that is.
I believe—I'm not going to quote right because I am not a Jewish scholar—but I'm just saying this is what I've seen.
So He said, 'This time frame is the beginning of the new creative miracles, that we have hit a time and space that we've hit a time in history where Adam's lease is coming up, that we are getting ready for the great outpouring and we're going home.
' We're getting ready to go home.
I saw the glory behind this door and I saw the door was going to open.
And He said, 'In a 24-hour period, everything will change.
Everything that you know, everything that you've ever known up until this point in human history, everything will change like a light switch.
' He said, 'Brandon, it's going to be like a light switch that flips on.
' He said that time frame is coming to an end, what we've seen, and He said, 'You're coming into a new time frame, and you're going to cross and you're going to go through this door.
' And I saw the glory again upon the bride, upon the body, in a way that is huge.
We think we've seen stuff in the past—revivals, demonstrations, and manifestations of the glory, outpourings of when Azusa Street happened.
You know, there was a prophetic word that was given over a hundred years ago now that said that there would be another revival like Azusa in a hundred years that would be bigger than what happened at Azusa, and it's been going on 120-some years now.
But He said they didn't quite say it was going to be a hundred years, it would be in a hundred-year time frame.
Well, we're in 120 years.
In two years, I believe, we're in that time frame of that prophetic word that was given.
So here we are at the last of the last.
I'm telling you all, Jesus is coming and the sun is going down on this dispensation of grace.
And I saw the devil petitioning again for his seven-year tribulation.
And I saw he had a—this time he had a black cloak on.
It was a massive black cloak, and he was moving around very sneaky and just evil, the way he was moving.
And he is lurching around, kind of like Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs whenever that old witch was there and she had that black cloak on.
That's the way the devil looked.
But he was going and I saw him go and he was talking to the Pope, which I think is just a wow, but he was talking to the Pope, influencing the Vatican and the church in Rome.
Because I was like, 'What is that all about?
' But I saw the devil trying to go and influence and talk to the Pope in the Vatican and he was speaking to him.
I don't even know if the Pope knew he was being talked to, but he was.
He was talking to the Pope, and I saw the Pope and he had his white beanie on—his head thing—and he was looking down.
But the devils were standing behind him trying to influence him, talking to him.
And then I saw Italy and I saw cracks all in the soil again with like lava and fire all over Italy again.
I saw fire and it was like the earth was splitting, like from an earthquake, remember?
And I warned you all about a volcano that the Lord told me to intercede in behalf of Italy, that there would be a lot of people perish because of a tsunami in the water and because of volcanic activity.
I told you this about a year ago.
And when I was interceding, I saw the angels coming out of the sky and they were warning the people and waking them up.
And there was a mist, like a canary in the coal mine.
I told you all about the canary in the coal mine and it was on the perch and it fell over dead, and there was a gas coming up out of the ground.
And I saw like a mist, a fog over the land over this town in Italy, and it was on the coastline.
And the angels were warning the people and they were coming out, and I saw a portal open up over Italy.
If anybody who's followed this channel for a while remembers this, that I warned about this and we were interceding for Italy that this major earthquake would not take place and destroy a lot of people.
I saw 300,000 people perish.
And so I saw that again.
I saw Italy splitting open, I saw fire coming up out of these cracks, and I thought it was interesting.
But I saw the Pope being influenced by a demon, by the devil, and he was talking to the devil.
And so I saw in this time frame where we are in eternity and the Lord was telling me, He said, 'Brandon, we are at that sliver of time.
' And He said, 'And you know when the Bible says a day is a thousand years to the Lord, a thousand years is as a day, right?
' So I saw thousand, thousand, thousand, thousand—clear to the beginning of time the Lord showed me.
And I'm telling you, I had an experience of the Lord beyond anything I've been able to ever tell you all, and I've told you all some amazing experiences.
But this experience that I had with the Lord was beyond anything I've ever seen before.
It was like—to say it shook me—it was beyond saying it.
My son and my wife, they recorded it; they were here for it.
And I'm not going to go into a lot of it because a lot of the word that was given when I had this visitation about four or five days ago was so intense because He was speaking to me directly.
And so a lot of it is not for the public.
But in this, He showed me Adam's lease, He showed me the door like I'm talking about, He showed me where we are in time again, and He took time on a thin line, a thread, and He spread it out by every thousand years.
And He took me through time and it was way out there, but I could see from the beginning whenever He spoke the world into existence.
I saw Adam walking the earth, I saw Noah and the flood.
He took me to each one and how they were milestones in history.
And I saw each thing, from the Roman Empire to the Ottoman Empire, He showed it to me.
But each thing was divided up into a thousand years, and then a thousand years would divide up into a hundred years, and then it went down to ten years, to a decade.
And He showed it out, it was on a timeline.
And He took me through the timeline in space with Him, traveling to where we are right now, ladies and gentlemen.
And I'm telling you, Jesus Christ is getting ready to come back, and He's coming back for not a busted and disgusted church, He's coming back for a glorious church.
He's coming back for a church that's on fire for Him.
He is looking and yearning for His bride.
And I'm telling you, it's time to get more serious than you've ever been before, for where we are in time—time is up, one last call.
He said, 'Remember, where we are right now,' He said, 'Brandon, I can control time.
' And He showed me where Adam's lease and everything was up, but there was a sliver right here in between, like a couple of seconds, like a couple minutes—you know what I'm saying—like it was a long enough time for Him to have His revival and be able to bring in a harvest of souls.
He said, 'Because I have never been defeated nor will I ever be.
' He said, 'I will not allow you to run back and be afraid of what the devil is doing.
' He said, 'You are to put on your armor and be strong in the Lord in the power of His might.
' It's time for us to be like the Davids.
And He said, 'There's a lot of people, Brandon, that are tired—the older generation, they're tired and they're ready to come home.
' And He said, 'Allow that to happen.
If they're ready and they want to come home and they're satisfied, they can come on home.
But I will not allow my church to be defeated.
' He said, 'They will be victorious on the way out.
' He said, 'The seeds that you've sowed in the past will come to harvest at last.
' And He said, 'That's not even about the bad seeds, Brandon, that the wicked have sowed.
' He said, 'I'm a God of the harvest.
I'm going to bring in financial harvest beyond anything you can comprehend.
There will be decamillionaires in the near future.
' He said, 'Brandon, there will be a transfer of the wealth from the wicked like it was when the children of Israel left Egypt.
' He said, 'I will bring forth a harvest of finances on my children as a sign and a wonder in these last days.
' I saw a group of people rising up that were—and I didn't even know what the word decamillionaire was.
I'm telling y'all, I'm not a real educated person, and I had told my wife, 'This is what the Lord used.
' I said, 'He said decamillionaire.
What is a decamillionaire?
' I said, 'Can we Google it?
' So she Googled it and said, 'Honey, it's above ten million dollars.
' Anybody who has above a ten million dollar—the Lord said that there is tons of seed in the ground that's coming to pass and there's harvest that's coming for His bright people.
He has not forgotten those seeds; those seeds have lied dormant in the ground and they're going to spring forth now.
It's time for the seeds that you sowed—financial, sacrificial seeds—that God said, 'I'm going to breathe on those seeds and I'm going to bring a harvest to you now.
' It's time.
He said, 'Brandon, do not let go of the seeds you've sacrificially sowed.
Do not let go of the sacrificial time that you've given.
' He said, 'Brandon, I'm bringing forth great joy, I'm bringing forth great harvest.
' He said, 'Days of Heaven on Earth, fun days are coming for my body.
It's not a time to be woe-is-me.
Oh gosh, we got to go and hide in the caves.
It's time to rise and shine for the light has come and the glory of the Lord is risen upon you.
' And I'm telling you, the Lord showed me a financial harvest.
People ask, 'Why do we need that if we're going to heaven?
' If you don't want yours, I'll take it for you.
If you don't want your financial harvest and what God's wanting to do for you, that's fine; just put it all over there and give it to somebody who will use it for Him.
You know, people get all bent out of shape, 'Well, I don't want to do—I want to just go to heaven.
' We're going to go victorious.
We're going to go with our heads held high.
We're not cowering down because the devil's taking ground.
He said, 'Brandon, the problem is that the body of Christ has been off-kilter.
' He said, 'They've tried to demasculinize the men of the church by making them metrosexual, feminine like'—He called them limp-wristed.
He said, 'It's time for my men to get a backbone like David did in the Bible, and they're mighty men of war.
' And He said, 'If you want to take the land, son, you've got to have some testosterone to you.
You've got to have some manpower behind you.
You can't be this passive, seeker-friendly—well, you know, whatever will be, will be.
' He said, 'You've got to be a warrior in the Kingdom.
You've got to take your sword and your shield like David did and go and take the land.
' You know, He showed me, He said how it was with Moses.
They said to Joshua and Caleb, 'The giants make us like grasshoppers,' and they had a whole generation die off before they were able to do something.
And He said, 'Brandon, if I have to do that again, I can do it.
But I know there is a generation—I'm talking about us—we're not going to have to pass it and let a lot of people go home like they did in forty years.
We don't have forty years, ladies and gentlemen.
Jesus is coming.
' But it was just an illustration of what He's talking about—raising up Davids, raising up the ones that would take the land and taking the land back for Him, being bold about our faith, being bold about laying hands on the sick and casting out devils.
Freely we've been given, freely we give it out, sharing the good news with the people for this last harvest.
And if Jesus Christ could come back tomorrow, I'm just saying—you know, I'm always expecting—but go with your head held high, go with a fight to you, have a backbone about who you are and take the land for Jesus.
That's what I'm talking about.
And that's what He showed me, that He never designed us for fear.
And He said to me, 'Where in my word have you ever heard me tell you to be afraid of what's coming?
' He said, 'Never.
' In Joshua 1:9, He said to me, 'Be strong and of good courage, for I the Lord your God am with you wherever you go.
' Now, I may have not said that exactly right, but you can look it up yourself.
But I'm just saying, He was saying, 'I want you not to be afraid.
' He said, 'Brandon, there is a shaking coming, there is a storm that is coming upon your shores, and it will shake everything that you've ever known, ladies and gentlemen.
It will change within a 24-hour period.
It's going to change and it will be that quick of a change.
It would be like a light switch being flipped on.
' He said it would be bigger than 9/11.
It's going to be such a humongous event that will change everything that quick.
But He started talking to me about not being afraid.
He said, 'That's not your focus.
Your focus is off.
You're focusing on the storm.
You're focusing too much on what's coming.
' He said, because I was asking Him—I was praying, you know, getting off in the flesh—and I was like, 'Oh Lord, I'm praying for the election, praying for Donald Trump, praying for this stuff, and oh God, you know what happens if the people don't get out and vote?
' And I was just worrying and fretting about it.
He said, 'Brandon, Brandon, Brandon, I've got this.
I've got this.
Like, chill, dude.
' And I'm like, you know, in my heart I'm going, 'The sky is falling, I've got to pray for the nation America.
' That's why He's like, 'Chill, chill, Brandon.
I've got this.
' Ladies and gentlemen, He's got this.
The sky isn't falling even though we look at all the stuff going on around us and we think, 'Well, Lord, do you not see all the things going on?
' Israel's at war.
He showed me major war breaking out in Europe again.
I saw a major thing happening in Europe and He told me, 'This is going to be coming, you need to pray over this.
' And I prayed over it, you know, about the war escalating in Europe.
And He's just warning me about these things that I'm telling you all about, but He said, 'Where is it ever to be afraid about any of it?
' It's not for you to ever hide in a hole about it; it's for you to know and be prepared and warn the body so that you all can pray.
And some of it, people say, 'Well, can we change it?
' Some of it we can, some we can't.
And I'm going to say a lot of this we probably can't because I'm telling you, He's coming.
The sun is setting on this dispensation and where we are, and Jesus is getting ready to come back for His church.
But I saw Adam's lease coming up.
And I'll be real with y'all, I don't know where it's at in the Bible.
I asked Him, 'Lord, show me,' and I've been trying to find where it talks about Adam's lease because He brought it up to me.
And I said, 'Lord, where does it talk about that?
' Because I'm telling you, I'm not a Bible scholar.
I'm just getting these things from the Holy Spirit and I try to weigh it out with people who are educated in the Word, but I don't have a lot of people around me that are Bible scholars.
But He talked to me about Adam's lease being up and I was like, 'Wow, Lord, this is interesting.
' But He started talking to me about how everything was...
I don't know, I'm not going to get into all that.
I saw a lot about it and it was a wow.
I talked to my wife about it, we talked about it, and I said, 'Babe, this is what the Lord said.
' And the light was so strong when He appeared, it was so strong that it was brighter than the noonday sun at its fullest.
The light that I saw when He appeared this way was so bright that I thought it was going to burn me up.
And I said, 'Lord, you're going to have to turn it down or it's going to consume me.
' And He took Himself behind the cliff of this thing and I could see the light—He shielded Himself with the light so that it would not burn me up in the spirit.
It was so bright that it shielded, and the light was shining so bright on the other side of this shield that I could barely glimpse at it.
But inside of this, this dove came out of that light and there was an olive branch in the dove's beak with the beautiful olive leaves on it.
And it came out and it was flapping its wings coming out of that light, and it came over me.
It was glory.
And what I'm trying to tell you all—I give you bits and pieces of things—but I'm trying to tell you all a little bit of something that He showed me.
And we are out of time.
Jesus is coming and you better get your house in order.
It's time to get bold and on fire for God like you've never seen before.
It's time to arise and shine for the light has come.
It's time for you to be serious about the Father's business, for He's coming.
Are you ready for the soon return of the Lord Jesus Christ?
For this dispensation of grace is coming to an end, ladies and gentlemen, and we're about to get ready to go into the seven years of tribulation.
But the thousand-year reign—He has such a plan for each and every single one of you.
We will see creative miracles, we will see blind eyes open, we will see dead men walk again, we will see the things that we've always desired to see.
And thought, 'Is it possible?
' But I'm trying to tell you all things are possible to him that believes, and a great move of the Spirit of God is right on us.
It's right here.
And I want my wife—she's here—to read some of the testimonies, just to stir you up, just to get you excited about what's coming, about the miracles that took place at Azusa Street.
We've been reading that book, and I told her, 'Read it to me again, read it to me again.
' Because faith cometh by hearing, and hearing by the Word of God.
And this is not the Word of God, but this is something that God did in the past.
And we read the Bible, but she reads these testimonies to me to show me, 'Brandon, it's happened once and He's going to do it again.
' There is a great outpouring, a great harvest of souls.
I'm telling you, He's the Lord of the harvest.
'Hi everybody, I'm just reading a couple of miracles from the true stories of the miracles of Azusa Street...
and there was—this is just one of the testimonies...
these were just people that were there that God used to do healings and miracles.
' And what we thought was cool, though, babe, was that a lot of these were young people.
They were in the 18, 19, 12-year-olds—and 21-year-olds—but no, a lot of these people were not old people.
They were all young people.
I'm talking about being young Davids, being on fire with no fear.
And I look back at what He did at Azusa, and we're reading—she's reading about—she goes, 'Brandon, another 18-year-old, another 21-year-old, another 12-year-old, another 15-year-old, 16-year-old was doing creative miracles, praying for people that needed a limb or eyes or whatever.
' It wasn't like, 'Well, this guy was a seasoned veteran that was a preacher for 45 years at the Assemblies of God.
' No, these were people that were just hungry, weren't they?
Yeah, and it's exciting to hear these stories because you always think, 'Well, I have to be—well, I'm not a pastor, I'm not an evangelist, I can't be used.
' He was using average Joes.
He's going to use you.
You don't have to have a platform; you don't have to have something huge.
Now, I'm sorry to cut you off, baby, but I'm just—I have to tell everybody, it's not somebody that has a huge church.
He's going to use you, ladies and gentlemen.
He's going to use you.
You could just be a stay-at-home mom that's just doing homework on the weekdays with their kids and—'Hey man, I made dinner for my family'—but God's going to use you.
He doesn't have to look—you don't have to have a huge church.
Most of these people who have huge churches, they have egos anyway.
Look at it: 'Think of the movies The Elephant Man or Mask and you can picture the total disfigurement of this 25 to 30-year-old man who came to Azusa Street.
He came there on his own, pathetically dragging his feet, sickening-looking, with one eye shooting up and the other looking down.
His mind was perfectly fine, but he had been deformed and the condition grew worse and worse.
He had been born deformed and the condition grew worse and worse.
His mouth and jaw hung below his left breast.
Mother Mangram made her way over'—this is one of the people that was there praying over people—'and made her way over to him, and he looked at her with his twisted eyes and uttered something.
"What did you say?
" asked Mother Mangram.
He mumbled, "I came here to get healed.
" She said, "Oh, praise God, you're going to have a great testimony.
" He said, "Okay, I'm ready.
" I love the fact that he came to Azusa ready.
She slapped hands on him and held him there as his body danced under her touch.
His face started contorting and coming back together.
His jaw withdrew into place, his eyes rotated in their sockets, and his back, legs, and hands untwisted.
I asked how long it took.
She said a very attractive man stood in front of her in about five minutes.
Praise God!
Over two decades of deformity were made perfect in five minutes.
I never found out his name.
He became a minister after God blessed him with his healing.
I believe this miracle alone could start an awakening.
' It just takes one.
I'm telling you all, wait until we start seeing this stuff.
'Okay, here's another one.
I asked if they remembered any specific miracles where God used Brother Seymour, and Sister Langford's eyes lit up.
"I recall witnessing two of the greatest miracles where Seymour was powerfully used by God.
" I was all ears.
First, she told me about the man with the wooden leg.
Seymour had approached a man with a wooden leg and asked, "What did you come here for?
" The man replied, "I want you to pray for my leg; it's starting to get gangrene where the wooden leg attaches.
" Seymour replied, "I'm just upset because you have the wooden leg on.
It would be a challenge for God to grow a leg out with a wooden leg still attached.
" The man removed the wooden leg and stood before Seymour, balancing on his one good leg.
Seymour laid hands on the man and proclaimed, "Let Thy name be glorified.
In the name of Jesus, I command this leg to grow out.
The gangrene is gone; you are healed.
" Seymour didn't preach that night.
The miracle spoke for itself.
Rejoicing was continuous; the crowd went wild.
The man ran up the platform and around the room on two good legs.
No one could get him to stop rejoicing and praising God.
Praise God!
Next, Sister Langford told of the man with no arm.
He had lost his arm ten years earlier through a work-related accident.
The arm had been totally severed at the shoulder.
Brother Seymour asked the crowd, "Would you like to see God have a wonderful time here tonight?
" Some of you may remember that man's leg that grew out about a year ago.
Seymour then asked the one-armed man, "Can you work with just the one arm?
" The man answered, "I'm just given the minimal paying jobs and I can barely make enough money to even eat.
" Seymour shook his head and responded, "That's not good.
Are you married?
" "Yes.
" "Got kids?
" Seymour declared, "This man needs to be able to make a living.
This man needs to work, and he needs to be able to pay his tithe.
Will you tithe if I pray for you and God gives you your arm back?
" Seymour asked teasingly.
"Yes," the man replied.
Seymour burst out laughing.
"I'm just having fun.
" Then he slapped his hands on the shoulder itself and commanded the arm to grow out.
Almost instantly, it grew out.
The healed man stood in total shock, then started moving his new arm and inspecting it with his other hand, wonder-struck by the miracle.
A few weeks later, the man came back, bringing about two hundred people with him, telling many at the meeting that he had gotten his old job back.
Many of those that he brought with him needed healing and left that evening fully restored as people in the crowd prayed and laid hands on each of them.
' Okay, pause.
Do you not see that?
So he brought 200 people back, his arm grew out—everybody saw and knew who this was, this man whose arm was gone—and 200 people came to give their hearts to Jesus Christ.
It's the goodness of God that brings men into repentance.
Look at what's going to happen.
There will be a great shaking to awaken, but in this, there will be a great harvest of souls.
I'm telling you, when we start seeing things like this, we won't be able to keep the people away from church because they're going to be so hungry.
People are broken out there; they're wanting a touch from Jesus.
And when we start operating and walking in these demonstrations and manifestations of His glory, the people are going to come in by the groves.
You have one more?
'Yeah, this following miracle took healing out to a brand new level for me.
I guarantee you ask anybody today and they'd all agree that Down syndrome...
can't be healed.
Most people would say that, but Sister Dundy would tell you differently if she were here.
She prayed for maybe two dozen of those who were healed from this disorder, and I was lucky enough to meet one of them.
I don't remember his name, but he was a little old man by the time I met him.
His face had all the characteristics of someone who has Down syndrome, but he acted completely normal after God touched him through the prayers of Sister Dundy.
He grew up and became a professor of music and taught in a California university.
Sister Dundy remembered the day he was healed.
He looked at her and said, "You're not Jesus.
" She smiled and the mother explained to him that he's fine now.
Of course, the mother couldn't talk; she was shaking her head in disbelief and crying—her son was just healed of Down syndrome.
The next story surprised me even more.
I still marvel when I think of it.
One day, Sister Dundy found a horribly disfigured child around five years old amongst all the people at Azusa Street.
He had scars all around his head.
His family said that doctors literally had to piece his face back together after he fell from a staircase onto a concrete floor when he was about two and a half years old.
The side of his face that took the impact was about one-quarter of an inch lower than the rest of his head.
Sister Dundy could tell he wasn't normal mentally either.
Her reaction: "Oh, how marvelous.
God gets glory when things like this happen.
" The father asked, "Things like what?
" "He's going to be healed," she declared.
See, by this time they didn't say, "God will," they said, "He is healed.
" They had so much confidence that God was going to heal everyone and everything.
"Let me hold the boy in my lap," she said as she sat him down and laid her hand on his head.
Sister Dundy said she could see and feel her hand moving and shifting as she was praying.
Finally, she took her hand away and the boy's face was perfectly normal.
He was healed mentally as well.
Now here's the shocker: this disfigured child grew up to be a handsome Hollywood star.
His name was Robert Montgomery.
He became an actor on stage and on screen as well as a director.
In 1937, he was nominated for an Academy Award for best actor for a thriller called Night Must Fall.
His daughter, Elizabeth Montgomery, starred in the hit TV show Bewitched in the 1960s.
From grotesque disfigurement to a golden boy in Hollywood—how's that for a miracle?
' That's amazing.
I don't know if he ever gave God glory for it, but it's still amazing.
You know, it even shows there that his daughter was doing a witchcraft show.
I mean, but it wasn't about that—it's about God's goodness regardless.
God is merciful.
Now, what he did with it is his business, but God still loves you, and even whenever you mess up, He isn't holding it over your head.
It's free will.
You're able to operate and do whatever you want to do.
Do you serve God because you love Him?
Whenever He does something good for you, are you still going to love on Him?
That man—I don't know if he did or not—He still did a creative miracle in his life, but it had nothing to do with his works.
It had everything to do with just God's goodness.
God's goodness is here, ladies and gentlemen, and I'm telling you, He saved you by grace through faith.
It wasn't about any works, lest any man should boast.
It has everything to do just with the fact that He loves you.
Jesus Christ died for you when we were just sinners.
All of us deserve hell, but He paid the price for you to not have to go to hell.
He paid the price for your healing in your body.
He took it all by grace.
Everything we need is at the foot of the cross.
He told me, He said, 'Brandon, I want you to walk in victory in your mental, emotional, physical, and financial life.
' Beloved, I wish above all things that you prosper and be in health, even as your soul prospers.
As it is in heaven, so let it be on earth.
He wants it to be heaven on Earth.
Boom!
And I'm telling you, where we are in that time frame, people can focus on—I told you all, it's going to be like a quarter.
You've got a quarter: the dark's going to be on one side and the light's going to be on the other.
But it's your choice what side of the quarter you look at on a day-to-day basis.
Dark's going to get darker and gross darkness, it's going to get very dark.
But the light is going to get brighter and brighter as we keep walking with Him, taking the land for Jesus until He comes and gets us.
Occupy until He comes.
People say, 'Are you looking for Him to come back this Rosh Hashanah?
' No, I want to occupy until He comes.
When He comes back, that's on Him.
Every day I want to occupy, take the land for Him, and when He says 'Come up,' then we're done.
But until then, we've got a war to fight.
But it's never for us to cower down in defeat.
He paid the price for you to walk in victory in every area of your life.
Praise God!
Spiritually, physically, financially—everything, He paid the price.
And it's by grace you receive it.
You didn't earn it, you don't deserve it, it's by grace.
But we walk out our salvation with fear and trembling.
We seek Him daily and we don't open the doors for the devil to come and rob us.
We walk by faith and not by sight.
I'm not moved by what I see, I'm not moved by what I feel; I'm moved by what the Word of God says.
And anything the Bible says we can have, we can have it.
And it's time to get excited about it.
Expectation brings the manifestation of what you've been believing for.
And I saw an open door with great glory shining on the cracks, and He said, 'Brandon, that door is going to open.
In a 24-hour period, everything is going to change.
' Watch what God is about to do.
And if you're believing for the seeds you've sowed—there's a lot of people who say, 'I've sowed and sowed, and I've never seen the full manifestation.
' I'm telling you, there will be decamillionaires in a matter of just a 24-hour period.
There's going to be a great harvest if you're listening to Him and you're not allowing money to change you—you don't have a lust after money.
God can trust you with it.
I don't care that you have it as long as it doesn't have you.
Money is a tool.
And God wants you to be blessed in the city and in the field, coming in and going out.
But if you can't handle it, He isn't going to give it to you.
I've seen people—you see these people that win the lottery and they're broke within a couple weeks because they don't know how to handle it and it destroys them.
God doesn't want that.
If He knows you can handle it and you're dead to self and He can say, 'Hey, listen, I want you to do this and this with it,' then get ready.
He doesn't mind you having nice things as long as the nice things don't have you.
And I've seen it.
He said to me many times, 'I don't care if you have it, son, as long as if I ask you to give it away, you would do it immediately.
' Now, if you're here and today is your day for salvation—we believe today you're watching this video, it's not by mistake.
I just felt in my heart to lead you in the sinner's prayer.
I believe that today is your day to come back to Jesus.
Maybe you've run away from the Lord.
Jesus has a plan for your life.
I'm going to say a prayer and I want you to repeat it after me.
Say, 'Father, I'm a sinner.
Write my name in the Lamb's Book of Life.
I'm coming home.
Forgive me of my sins.
Thank you, Lord, that You write my name in there.
I believe You're the Son of God.
I believe You died for me and rose on the third day.
I believe that my sins are washed in Your blood, and I believe You don't remember them anymore—that as far as the east is from the west, You don't remember any of it.
It's all washed in Your blood.
You've cast it in the sea of forgetfulness.
' Just say it with all your heart.
'I believe You're the Son of God.
Save my soul.
I don't want to go to hell; I want to serve You for all eternity.
' If you just said that, I believe you're born again.
It doesn't have to be anything weird; it's just simple.
Find your Bible, find a church that teaches the Word of God, get baptized in the Holy Ghost, get baptized with water, serve, and just get excited about being a Christian.
It's fun being a Christian!
We grow, and there are trials, but we go from glory to glory.
He's faithful.
So if you got saved today, please comment down below.
We'll rejoice with you.
I'm excited for you.
Welcome to the family!
Now every time I say 'Good morning, family,' I'm talking to you.
You're part of my family—the family of God.
Well, that's all we have for y'all.
I'm going to close there, but I felt in my heart just to keep encouraging you all.
There are good things coming.
I don't want to focus on the dark; I'm trying to focus on the other side of the quarter.
So I hope this video blessed you today.
Let us pray for you.
Diana and I will pray for you.
Today is your day.
Believe for the now.
Now faith is the substance of things hoped for and the evidence of things not seen.
Father, we thank You right now for the demonstrations and Your manifestations of Your glory on every single one of these people.
I stretch forth my hand and I believe with them right now—by Your stripes, Lord, they are healed.
I call them healed and whole and well in the name of Jesus.
I speak to your bodies: line up by the Word of God!
From the top of your head to the soles of your feet, we call you delivered from all kinds of symptoms of disease and mental torments, depression, anxiety, fear, worry.
We take authority over you in the name of Jesus and we call you healed and whole.
Father, we thank You that they are delivered from financial bondage.
I call them free in the name of Jesus!
We speak to their seeds and we call the harvest in.
We call forth that money to come forth in the name of Jesus.
Go, ministering spirits, and cause the money to come forth!
We thank You, Lord, for bringing in the financial harvest for these people right now.
We call for abundance over their house.
Father, we thank You for creative ideas to get wealth.
We speak and we decree a thing: they are blessed in the city, they are blessed in the field, they're blessed coming in, they're blessed going out.
We thank You, Lord, that the increase is over them.
Diana and I call them blessed in their homes, blessed in their marriages.
We call marriages restored, we call children home.
We thank You, Lord, for supernatural—whatever they're believing for.
Nothing's too big for God.
He is able to do exceedingly abundantly above all that we dare ask or think.
Father, I thank You that You're meeting their needs right now.
We call them healed.
All of it is healed by those stripes that were put on Your back.
And we give You all the glory, honor, and praise.
Amen.
Well, we just want to say thank you for joining us today.
Like our videos, subscribe, click the notification bell.
We appreciate every single one of you.
You are helping get the gospel spread throughout the whole world.
Diana and I are so grateful for every single one of you.
Put a smile on your face and a song in your heart.
Jesus loves you so much and we love you.
We will see you all again next time.
God bless you all, have a wonderful day, bye-bye.